<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary//EN" "glossary.dtd">
<glossentry id="flowers.pollination">
    <glossterm><topic id="id_mkp_vfq_jnb">
            <body>
                <p>With just a </p>
                <p>With just a little bit of care and preparation, any flower garden can be a
                    vibrantly colored environment. Flowers can be selected for specific blooming
                    seasons, colors and shapes. Both annual and <xref keyref="flowers.perennial"
                        format="dita">perennial</xref> flower gardens can be planted depending on
                    climate and specific needs.</p>
                <p>little bit of care and preparation, any flower garden can be a vibrantly colored
                    environment. Flowers can be selected for specific blooming seasons, colors and
                    shapes. Both annual and <xref keyref="flowers.perennial" format="dita"
                        >perennial</xref> flower gardens can be planted depending on climate and
                    specific needs.</p>
            </body>
        </topic>Pollination</glossterm>
    <glossdef><term>Pollination</term> is the process by which pollen is transferred in plants,
        thereby enabling fertilisation and sexual reproduction. Pollination is a necessary step in
        the reproduction of flowering plants, resulting in the production of offsprings that are
            genetical<p>With just a little bit of care and preparation, any flower garden can be a
            vibrantly colored environment. Flowers can be selected for specific blooming seasons,
            colors and shapes. Both annual and <xref keyref="flowers.perennial" format="dita"
                >perennial</xref> flower gardens can be planted depending on climate and specific
            needs.</p>ly diverse.</glossdef>
</glossentry>
