<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossentry PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary//EN" "glossary.dtd">
<glossentry id="flowers.sepal">
    <glossterm>Sepal</glossterm>
    <glossdef>A <term>sepal</term> (from Latin
            <?oxy_comment_start author="cristibanica" timestamp="20201019T140649+0300" comment="ddd"?><i>separatus</i><?oxy_comment_end?>
        "separate" + <i>petalum</i> "petal") is a part of the flower of flowering plants.
            <term>Sepals</term> in a "typical" flower are green and lie under the more conspicuous
        petals. As a collective unit the sepals are called the <term>calyx</term>, and the
        collectiodn of petals is called the <term>corolla</term>. Together, these two structures are
        known as the <term>perianth</term> of the flower. The petals and sepals are usually
        differentiated into colorful petals and green sepals. The term <term>tepal</term> is usually
        applied when the petals and sepals are not differentiated and look similar or the petals are
        absent and the sepals a<p>With just a little bit of care and preparation, any flower garden
            can be a vibrantly colored environment. Flowers can be selected for specific blooming
            seasons, colors and shapes. Both annual and <xref keyref="flowers.perennial"
                format="dita">perennial</xref> flower gardens can be planted depending on climate
            and specific needs.</p>re colorful. When the flower is <p>With just a little bit of care
            and preparation, any flower garden can be a vibrantly colored environment. Flowers can
            be selected for specific blooming seasons, colors and shapes. Both annual and <xref
                keyref="flowers.perennial" format="dita">perennial</xref> flower gardens can be
            planted depending on climate and specific needs.</p>in bud, the sepals enclose and
        protect the more delicate floral parts within. Morphologically they are modified
        leaves.</glossdef>
</glossentry>
